>> Steve Kinney: So
let's just hop into the solution for this.
We'll bring this over,
go into our service worker,
>> Steve Kinney: Call
it,
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
>> Steve Kinney: So when it gets pushed,
we have this textData
text which is coming in.
And if that textData is TERMINATE,
well, we have an action in place here,
but if it's not,
we might do some other things, right?
If it's TERMINATE,
we'll do it, and we will end.
So this gives us an opportunity,
what other push notifications do we have?
Depending on your application, it could be
a whole bunch of different kinds, right?
For instance, in Chrome on my computer,
Google Calendar will send me
a notification for one of my many, many
meetings, and I'll get notified of those.
I don't have to have Google Calendar open
in order to see those, cuz that would
defeat the purpose having a notification
if I'm looking at the calendar, right?
In this case, it will receive those and
I will see it on the screen.
So in this case we have this event,
and the event has some data, and
let's get the data from there,
and we'll console log it.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and let's go ahead
and start by console logging it for now.
>> Steve Kinney: And let's just
head back over to our application.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's get results 50,
50 here.
All right, Frontend grocers, we'll go
ahead and we'll put something in the cart,
give myself a console in here
>> Steve Kinney: All right, let's see.
>> Steve Kinney: Let's check this,
am I online?
>> Steve Kinney: Server is up.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, that's the
thing about these progressive web apps,
it's hard to tell when the server's
not up because your app works offline.
All right, so we'll add that in.
>> Steve Kinney: Put some bread in there,
and let's just order some bread.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
so it's been complete,
and we get this notification object.
Now, this isn't doing us a lot of good.
Right, it's great to
have it in the console,
because we all know that as soon
as you order some groceries,
the first thing you do is you
check the console, right?
That's what my mother
does when she does it.
It's obviously a tried and
true user interface pattern.
No, that's not good enough for us.
What we're gonna do is we're going to send
them a notification alerting them that
their order has been placed.
So what we'll do is again, we'll see,
>> Steve Kinney: if
('notification',
>> Steve Kinney: If we have a notification
property, right?
Let's not do anything in here,
>> Steve Kinney: In the jsonData.
All right, so
if there is an event.notification,
let's just pull that out
using destructuring.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll have access
to that, and then where were we?
self.registration,
>> Steve Kinney: .shownotification.
>> Steve Kinney: And
that takes the two arguments, and
we got a little bit of help from
Visual Studio code in this case,
where it takes the title and
the notification options.
So what we'll do is we will pass
in the notification.title and
the second option will just be a body for
now,
I'll just give it a body and
an image with it.
Which will be the body of
the notification, right?
We can see if we look right
here what we have to work with.
We have a title and we have a body.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we can also display an icon.
So for the https we have,
remember this is a progressive web app.
We created icons that were gonna
go on the home screen, right?
We can use those same icons in the
notifications so that the user can see.
Cuz on Chrome on the desktop they're
actually gonna see the Chrome icon and
that will be off to the side,
this let's them know that it's us,
we're saying hi, cool.
>> Steve Kinney: Localhost:3100,
>> Steve Kinney: /launcher-icon-4x,
>> Steve Kinney: Awesome, so
that will update our app,
>> Steve Kinney: This
will be our event data.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll add, what do I wanna do?
Some unsweetened organic almond milk?
Throw that in there, and
I'm going to CHECKOUT.
>> Steve Kinney: I'm
just gonna close that.
>> Steve Kinney: Look at that.
Even with the window closed, I just got
a notification saying my order was placed.
It's almost like I installed an app in
my browser and it was able to listen for
things when I didn’t have a client
connected to it, right, really cool.
Again, this is creating that
feel of a native experience but
getting all the great parts of the web
where you can just get the things that
have changed in cache.
You don’t have to download
a new app every time, right,
it’s kind of like you get to
have your cake and eat it too.
I do wanna show you something slightly
more advanced that we'll just kind of
look at in the code.
>> Steve Kinney: Which is you
can put a click [INAUDIBLE] so
when the notifications click, and
that is for all service workers,
you install it the same as fetch,
or install, or activate.
You say service worker, when someone
clicks on one of my notifications this is
what I want you to do.
And the notification that they
actually clicked will be,
in this case again, event.notification.
And so we'll have a tag on it,
but we can close it,
we can also see hey,
do they have any windows from us open?
If so go ahead and
just use one of those windows,
we don't need to open a brand new one,
right?
So we can do very interesting things,
and again, there's that extensibility.
We can go ahead and
figure out our surroundings.
It's not like hey,
this is the default behavior.
Take it,
you have all of JavaScript behind you and
the ability to kind of figure out
what's going on in the browser.